feat(l2): commit blocks instead of state diffs (#5135)
lambdaclass/ethrex: docs/l2/fundamentals/block_vs_state_diff_measurements.md

| State Diff   |   2373  |   2134  |  2367   |   2141  |  2191   |   2370  |  2309   |  2361   |  2375    |   2367   |
| Block List   |   913   |   871   |  886    |   935   |  1019   |   994   |  1002   |  1011   |  1012    |   1015   |

### ERC20 Transfers

| Blob Payload | Batch 2 | Batch 3 | Batch 4 | Batch 5 | Batch 6 | Batch 7 | Batch 8 | Batch 9 | Batch 10 | Batch 11 |
| ------------ | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | -------- | -------- |
| State Diff   |  1942   |   1897  |   1890  |  1900   |   1915  |   1873  |   1791  |   1773  |   1867   |   1858   |
| Block List   |  655    |   661   |   638   |  638    |   645   |   644   |   615   |   530   |   532    |   532    |

### Summary

| Blob Payload | Avg. ETH Transfers per Batch | Avg. ERC20 Transfers per Batch |
| ------------ | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| State Diff   |          2298                |                1870            |
| Block List   |          965                 |                609             |

## Conclusion

> Sending block lists in blobs instead of state diffs decreases the number of transactions that can fit in a single blob by approximately 2.38x for ETH transfers and 3.07x for ERC20 transfers.

Reviewer: Same here

```suggestion
Sending block lists in blobs instead of state diffs decreases the number of transactions that can fit in a single blob by approximately 2x for ETH transfers and 3x for ERC20 transfers.
```

Author: Done [c17173b](https://github.com/lambdaclass/ethrex/pull/5135/commits/c17173bfd5173a22fef378d0a036029cd7d00da9)!
